hi there my name is Caleb Eubanks and
I'm feeling very passionate right now
believe it or not I'm not actually
talking to you right now with my voice
box this audio file is 100 generated
using artificial intelligence using open
source programs such as bark from suno
AI or paid programs such as speechify or
11 Labs such as this you can literally
type the words you want the AI to speak
some programs have built-in voice
conversions for this audio you are
listening to now I exported the Arnold
voice from 11 labs and then used RVC or
retrieval voice conversion from GitHub
to clone my voice from an old audiobook
recording and then apply it to the
generated audio clip the entire process
took me only a few quick minutes in this
video we will go over the basics of bark
and talk about how AI can help you
accomplish your goals that's right my
name is I'm feeling very passionate
right now believe it or not I'm not
actually talking to you right now hi
there my name is as you can see we we
did multiple versions I I can do my
voice in kind of a happy dramatic Voice
or I can do it in the other voice and
exactly as I just told you the story
there you know we're going to be jumping
into bark which is right over here on
GitHub so let's just you know let's just
take a look so there are so many
different programs I want to get into
but I feel bark is one of the beginner
introduction type programs because it
really just helps you understand how AI
can work with some of these different
tools and how it can work for you if
you're trying to accomplish content
creation and it's got a very simple way
to get about it so we're going to go
ahead and jump right into it you can see
right here on the screen when you jump
into bark it shows you something it says
man hey there upbeat music it's uh
laughs pleasure to meet you and what you
can tell right here is is bark is going
to do a lot of amazing things it's going
to be able to inference whether it's a
man or a woman it's going to be able to
infer the language whether it's English
or Japanese or Spanish and not only that
it can add sound effects music and even
things like hesitation size laughter and
all those things are really beneficial
when you're trying to create a realistic
Dynamic type of a conversation so we're
going to jump right into how to do this
with the open source software as well as
some of the paid softwares they're all
something that you can use in your
toolbox and I have no affiliation with
any of these programs or any of the
software I'm most interested in how to
do things for free and in open source so
I'm just excited to show you this if you
haven't seen it yet if you have any
information or comments to put in there
for Me Feel Free Jump in I I love to
learn this stuff as I'm going I want to
do the best that I can to keep adding to
that knowledge base anyway so right here
if we wanted to test this out what would
this sound like right here what would it
sound like hey there
it's a pleasure to meet you that's
that's what it sounds like right hey
there
it's a pleasure to meet you and that's
actually an enhanced version the
original version sounded more like hey
there
it's a
versus
all right so when you're looking at what
you can do with bark you'll see that
there's an example link right here as
well as an update how to use
installation in an FAQ so let's go ahead
and jump into the examples and I'm going
to click right on this page this is
going to show you a bunch of different
things that it can do and let's just
take a listen right now the the model is
called bark
like Clifford the Big Red Dog or
um or
bark as in tree bark that's impressive I
mean I I'm not sure if you can tell but
the inferences of the different
intonations right here when it comes up
with the um and the ore bar this the way
that it sounds like an actual person
stumbling across their language is is
amazing and let's keep listening I've
got a secret to tell
I can pass the Turing test
so because the model sees the word
secret it actually knows to speak in a
more whisper type voice so it not only
does it infer The Voice or infer the
words based on like a chat GPT style
prompt it can then export that audio in
a way that kind of fits that which is
extremely impressive I can't even begin
to tell you how many levels of cool that
is tired of Dunes fooling Twitter
worried about the inevitable rise on our
AI overlords trisoma the miracle drug
from Brave New World brought to you by
beloved Mega Court Jackson and Jackson
that's that's pretty cool it sounds like
a an old timey ad one thing about the
this program is you can choose very
specific voices you can also clone
voices and use your own one other thing
that I think is really nice is you can
type in things like sad and size and
let's go ahead and listen to this my
friend's Bakery burned down last night
now his business is toast
no I shouldn't laugh but okay that's
just the
that sounds great I mean it's it's very
very impressive radio and like what do
they say uh voice for
um for print
Perfect all right so you can hear like I
said the delay in the speech and of
course that laughter at the end which
sounds genuinely very real I I can't
even tell you how much better that is
from the previous versions that I've
heard uh and of course if you put that
through an audio enhancer it's going to
make it sound even better another cool
thing here is the ability to do
multilingual synthesis for example
crazy all these different languages we
got Portuguese presentations
that's crazy and of course code
switching which is basically another
word for being able to switch between
different languages it can understand
the fact that when you write in one
language it's supposed to speak in a
certain way and when you start typing in
another language it reads and
understands that as a different language
and of course then compensates and
speaks that language properly and you
listen to the bottom one that speaks in
German it actually uses a German accent
when it's speaking in English so even
when it goes from the German language
when it goes back to English it just it
keeps that same uh an accent let's
listen that one first hey Martin this is
it's super cool but maybe you could type
faster if you use the right hand tool it
was as if he had never existed
My grandmother used to say
that's incredible the voice it sounds it
sounds like I could hear entire book
being narrated with that voice it's very
very good so uh once we go back here uh
to very quickly kind of run through this
there's a whole bunch of different
things we can do foreign languages music
voice presets there's a lot of
information you can see on the git page
right there I'm gonna go ahead and click
on installation just to take a look at
that we'll go back up here installation
so to install it says do not just type
in PIP install uh bark you'll get some
other installation it's not the correct
one but if you don't even have git on
your computer the very quick steps are
gonna be you're going to want to get get
on your computer which you can go to
GitHub and find some more information
about that or you can just go to get
bash right here I'm going to put this
link in for this one right here you can
download for Windows just by clicking
this and once you've got this installed
on your computer it's going to be very
very simple what I do is I've got an AI
Master folder here as you can see and
I've actually got bark folder in here
your voice bark and what you would do is
you would just create a new folder
somewhere something like you know bark
new and I will go into that folder and
from here you can go into the top bar
and just type in command and once you've
got your command open you looks a little
bit like that CMD is going to open up
the command so you type in the CMD opens
that up and once you've got that opened
you can go over here and just copy this
bottom one you can do the top one but I
I like the bottom one right there once
you've got that you just go over here
and hit Ctrl V in order to use the
software though you have to be familiar
with the command line and if you don't
want to do that no problem I don't want
to do that either so they do luckily
have a couple other options there is
this UI version right here which allows
you to just put the prompt or what you
want to be written and then you choose
the voice and you hit launch or generate
and it will then create the voice for
you here inside this Branch you've got a
one-click installer so you can just
click right on there and and get it
going now keep in mind the models do
take a long time to get downloaded I've
noticed they're quite large make sure
you've got a little bit of space for
those there is another third option and
I would like to show you this one it is
called the bark infinity and it allows
you to do so much stuff as you can see
right here the UI is pretty large you've
got the ability to split up long text
connect audio segments generate sampling
and of course do things very specific
with your naming in your final outputs
not only that you can create and clone
your own voices with bark and it works
pretty well for for the purposes it's
not as good as some other voice cloning
softwares out there still I I'm working
with it and trying to get better and
better at it if you have any you know
opinions about how to do it the best way
please feel free to comment in the below
and I'll I'll definitely take that into
consideration okay so when it comes to
installing bark Infinity just make sure
you have the prerequisites that are
listed right here which is just making
sure that you have the NVIDIA drivers
basically and then you want to follow
the install steps which is getting the
latest zip file and then extracting it
and then clicking on it it's pretty
simple once it does that it's going to
start installing all the necessary
requirements and that will take a little
bit of time when you're finished with
all that it's going to open up the UI
and that's going to look something like
this alright so when you first jump in
the program it's going to look something
like this the console is going to be
blank but you're going to have a spot
right here for your main text prompt you
can also use audio or semantic prompts
which we'll go over another time or you
can test out yourself always feel free
to experiment okay so here's where the
program starts to get kind of fun we've
got the ability to pick different
speakers they've got built-in speakers
right here as you can see a whole bunch
of different built-in speakers oh my
goodness they even have speakers he
accidentally left in which you know
snarky narrators female storytellers
you've got your custom speakers that you
can train yourself and put them in right
there and of course folder processing if
you're going to do batch stuff I don't
know if you want to do a whole bunch of
different speakers at once you can do a
bunch of different speakers with the
same text that could be useful for a few
different marketing purposes once you've
got your text prompt in here like it's
ready you know once you've got it and
you want to say that you just go down
here and hit generate audio that's all
you do just hit generate audio and it's
going to start generating audio and it
can do it very very quickly down at the
very very bottom you've got base default
monochrome soft and glass and what that
is it's going to be a little bit of how
this algorithm is going to be putting
out your sample and how it's going to
sound so feel free to again experiment
with those and I'll do some more tests
with those in the future but right now
we're going to go ahead and look at
exactly what we're able to get with this
one of the drawbacks with bark is unless
you're starting to split up long text it
will cut off a lot of times the audio
that you're putting out there it can
only generate about 12 to 14 seconds at
a time anything past that it starts to
have malfunctions my first prompt of the
day says I'm going to make a YouTube
video talk talking about text to audio
programs like bark clear's throat please
listen All of You laughter size sorry I
can be a little silly sometimes it was
too much stuff and as you can tell right
here I'm gonna go to make a YouTube
video talk talking about text to audio
programs like bark because that's that
oh
beginning part where it says I'm gonna
go make a YouTube video talk talking
about the text audio programs like bark
I thought that was pretty good let's
listen one more time the talk talking
about I'm gonna go to make a YouTube
video talk talking about text to audio
programs like bark
yeah and with that I didn't even choose
a narrator or any specific person I just
sat there and did the prompt and hit you
know generate and that's what we got
with that let's take a look at the next
one I put man hey there upbeat music
it's uh laughs pleasure to meet you and
what we'll notice is that upbeat music
doesn't actually work right now and if
we go back to GitHub and look at the the
different words that are supposed to be
used
uh we'll see laughter laugh size music
gaps clear throat we see a lot of these
things but we don't see uh that actual
command in there so that's probably the
reason why it doesn't work you will see
all the supported languages and and
that's really nice hey there
it's a pleasure to meet you hey there
it's uh pleasure to meet you hey there
it's a pleasure to meet you I like it I
like it all right cool and then the one
after that is this is important stuff
right here with some laughter at the end
let's see if that one comes through
[Music]
what God's name is that that is the
scariest thing and sometimes you get
some demonic stuff from Hell apparently
because that is the it it's playing
music you can tell right at the
beginning
this is important story here laughter
[Music]
say help please
help me
okay I don't know that's creepy I'm not
gonna play that one again that one's
creeping me out
um you got to keep experimenting with
this program to see what's possible with
it you know there's so many fun things
to do if I want to save it I just go
down here to the three dots I click it
and I download no problem uh and
speaking of fun things to do for the end
of the video I want to show you guys
just a few other quick programs and of
course a way to enhance your audio as
well uh and and to do that you can go
right here to Adobe podcast which once
you go into Adobe podcast it's got a few
different options that are free to use
you can do up to an hour a day and from
right here you just put in your audio
that you want to enhance here we can
listen to it side by side enhanced and
not enhanced and you'll be able to hear
the big difference
and then I gotta make a YouTube video
talk talking about text to audio
programs like Park
you can tell big big differences in
between the two another thing you can do
is there's programs like speechify out
there which use like different voices
that have been cloned already and in the
software it's yo it's Snoop deal double
G and I'm an English voice from the
United States welcome to speechify
speechify can read to you in the highest
quality digital voices available
anywhere or there's like 11 Labs which
is what I was using previously and
that's how I did the beginning intro
part where it says hi there my name is
and from here we can just pick any type
of voice so I'm gonna pick a new voice
like we'll say Josh and I'll hit
generate hi there my name is Caleb
Eubanks and I'm feeling very passionate
right now believe it or not I'm not
actually talking to you right now with
my voice box and whether it comes from
bark or 11 Labs like that file I can
then put it into another program that's
open source called RVC and I can use my
trained voice and I can convert it and
it pops out such as hi there my name is
Caleb Eubanks and I'm feeling very
passionate right now believe it or not
I'm not actually talking to you right
now with my voice box this audio file is
100 generated using artificial
intelligence and we'll have to do an
entire video about this later but if I
wanted to do things like celebrity
voices like Brad Pitt or Leo let's let's
just do Leonardo DiCaprio why not I've
done a lot of Chris Hemsworth stuff in
the past so why not do Leo if I just
click his name right there and I put the
correct transpose I'm going to go ahead
and assume his voice is is probably
about the same and then I'll just go
ahead and convert that with Harvest and
we'll take a look at what that sounds
like
hi there my name is Caleb Eubanks and
I'm feeling very passionate right now
believe it or not I'm not actually
talking to you right now with my voice
box this audio file is 100 generated
using artificial intelligence using open
source programs such as bark from suno
AI or paid programs such as speechify or
11 Labs such as this you can literally
type the words you want we can even turn
it into a girl if we wanted to this
audio file is 100 generated using
artificial intelligence using open
source programs such as bark from suno
AI or paid programs such as speechify or
11 Labs such as this you can literally
type the words you want the AI to speak
oh my gosh I didn't even go over
tortoise TTS there's just there's just
not time all right tortoise TTS next
time I'll talk to you guys in the next
video thanks for sticking around and of
course if you want to support the
channel check out the patreon thanks for
thanks for stopping by I really
appreciate you guys see you next video
[Music]
thank you